steam: add page (#5736)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/steam.md

# steam

> Video game platform by Valve.
> More information: <https://store.steampowered.com/>.

> 
> - Launch Steam client in background:
> 
> `steam &`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Same as for the other page. It isn't really command specific. 

However I found <https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Command_Line_Options#Command-line_parameters_3>, which has a good amount of command line options for steam. It says it's for Windows, but I tested some and they all work for Linux too.

Reviewer: If you like to, go ahead. I'll convert the PR to a draft in between.

Author: sounds good. hopefully i should have it done later today, but in the next couple days at the latest.

# steam

> Video game platform by Valve.
> More information: <https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Command_Line_Options#Steam_.28Windows.29>.

> - Launch Steam and show debug messages in the terminal:

Author: committed this and the next change.

> - Launch Steam client with logs (incl. errors) appearing in terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Launch Steam and show debug messages in the terminal:
```

`steam`

> - Launch Steam with a debug console tab included in-app:

Reviewer 2: This is still correct, is it not?
```suggestion
- Launch Steam and enable the debug console tab:
```

Author: yes. however, i want to make it clear that the debug console is a tab in the steam app, to contrast it with the earlier example that gives you debug info in the bash shell you ran the command from. does something like:

`Launch Steam and enable its in-app debug console tab:`

look ok to you?

Author: committed this and the previous change

> - Launch Steam client with a debug console tab included in-app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Launch Steam with a debug console tab included in-app:
```

`steam -console`

> - Log into Steam with the specified credentials:

Reviewer 2: Can "Steam" here be replaced with the appropriate URL (e.g. https://<!---->steam.com)?  Unless that's not correct.

Reviewer: That would be <https://store.steampowered.com/>.

Author: this command lets you skip the login prompt for the steam client gui, not something in your browser. normally you'd launch steam, enter your login info, then be able to access your games. this lets you skip the middle step.

Reviewer 2: Oh, I see.  Then let's leave it as-is. 👍🏻

> - Log into Steam client with specified credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log into Steam with the specified credentials:
```

`steam -login {{username}} {{password}}`

- Launch Steam in Big Picture Mode:

`steam -tenfoot`

> - Shut down Steam client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exit Steam:
```
